	Mountain woods cutscene
	L: *eyes closed* Huff…huff…  
	Bandit: Huh? Oh, if it isn’t a little girl dancing alone in the woods. Like those dryads you hear about growin’ up. C’mere, cutie.
	L: Eep! Wh-who are you?!
	B: Hmm, don’t see no reason to call the boss over. I’d rather have you all to myself… 
	L: No, stop…! Don’t come any closer!
	R: *enters* Back, you fiend!
	B: Ack! *vanishes*
	L: R-Reginald!
	R: Quick, Lapis! Back to the village!

	Village cutscene
	D: Reginald, Lazul! What’s wrong? You two are out of breath.
	R: We had a run-in with bandits outside the village. I fear they aren’t far behind.
	Off-screen: Oi, look, men! We found a here village!

	Map cutscene
	Gail: Well, well, well, I think we found the village Miss Nouveau was talking about. And that pink-haired girl she mentioned? The Dagger of the Council or whatever?
	Bandit 1: Over there, boss!
D: Damn, we’ve been found.
R: What should be our course of action, Lady Diana?
D: Save the villagers of course! I refuse to drag innocent Hevursans into our conflict.
G: You! Dagger Girl! You can make this quick or we can burn this whole village to the ground!
D: You seem to be laboring under the delusion that I’m going to, what was the phrase, come quietly?

Villager dialogue
Old woman: Thank you, deary, for protecting the village. Here, this is the least I can give you in return.
Obtained pure water

Young man: Fighting for us, huh? I used to be a soldier. Didn’t much like it, though, so I quit. Here. May it keep you safe as it did me.
Obtained shield

Boss dialogue
G: Finally, a good fight. Once I’m done, I’ll take you and your pathetic accomplices back to claim my reward. 

G: Heh, it looks like…The Blade of the Council…really isn’t all bark and no bite.

Post-battle cutscene
Village Head: L-Lady Diana! What is the meaning of this?
D: My sincerest apologies. It seems House Nouveau’s hired muscle has finally found us.
R: Thankfully, the damage has been kept to a minimum.
VH: *eyes closed* I understand. However… *opens eyes* I cannot continue to shelter your party here if it comes at the cost of our health and safety.
D: Of course. I wouldn’t want to put any of you in danger. Besides, we already have a plan for our next course of action.
VH: Just know that we support you. Not many people are willing to help the Blade of the Council, but we owe House [DIANA HOUSE] a great debt. And you are its last surviving member… 
D: We have a plan. Just keep in mind that, when this is all over, Hevursa might be a bit tumultuous for a while. I fear this is something that can only be solved with bloodshed.
VH: Very well. Here. We cannot provide you a place to stay, but we all pitched in to help you find lodgings and other necessities.
Obtained 10000 G
